Hi everyone. Today's Friday, May the
22nd. My name is Anne-Marie Band, and
this is the Money Ball Morning Report.
Charts by TrendSpider. Gamma flows by
Mentor Q.
News and news feeds by Venzer Q
and data analytics by Trade Wave.
Okay, so what are we staring down? We
are taking a look at the E-mini S&P. Our
dominant candle is still from the 15th
of May. We still don't have any more
action than that. Yesterday's levels
were breached.
Um I did take a short here
and I was on
uh
uh group coaching. I did take a short.
It broke to the north, but my size was
very small, and so I was able to hold it
until it came back into our 74 40.
It actually did come all the way back
into 74 41, but I did not hold it there.
I held it until 43, and then I let it
go. But it did a really nice job of
coming back to our levels. So, what do
we want to do? We're looking at a
potential breakout here
that will take us above the call wall.
We tested the call wall just about 2 and
1/2 hours ago and pulled back from it on
the 4:00 a.m. candlestick. The 4:00 a.m.
took us into that call wall, and so what
we're going to be doing is anticipating
dip buys at the area that sits
around 74
um 74 57. Now, it is in a dip buy
formation currently here.
That's because it's testing the Globex
uh opening space. We're under a slightly
upward sloping VWAP. We've got an upward
50.
A flat 200, but we're above it. Momentum
is up, but
just slightly up. We've got
trend holding it very well. The question
is, can we get up over 74? 84, we have a
significant area of supply sitting here.
And remember what happens when we break
a call wall, if we don't immediately
fade, it makes the dealers or market
makers follow in that direction, which
pushes us up another
20 to 30 points into 7520
and then 7531.
So, that's essentially what we are
staring down right here.
Okay. So, ideally looking at about 7457
all the way into the pivot at 7453.
Deep dips are going to be buys. If we
lose this zone right around 7460,
which I think we should come into, come
in and test 7457, 7453, and then bounce.
If we cannot get back up over that 7464,
we've got further downside pressure, and
that sends us down into our lower levels
from yesterday, 7441, 7426, 7411. Okay?
So, that's what we are looking at here.
Generally bullish. It is a Friday. It is
a Friday before a holiday.
We know we have a tendency to get
good news in the after hours, sort of
engineered that way, and then, you know,
whatever. So far, this motion is being
attributed to the deal that we we have
on the table with Iran.
No idea, right? You know, it's here one
day, gone the next.
Okay.
Let's take a look at the NQ. Dominant
candle still from the 15th. This one's
breached.
Right?
Let's get this. Heavens.
This one breached that level. So, let's
push it up one more time.
We're going to clone it.
One more time.
And it is sitting right at the top of
supply zones. Now,
where is the call wall? Well, it's way
down here.
At 29,124.
We saw the breach of it yesterday that
pushed us right into the levels that we
have from yesterday's video. Literally,
right into that zone. So, what did we
see? We saw the break of the call wall,
the rejection of the call wall into the
open, the test of the pivot, and our
line at 29,152,
the breach through
the call wall again at 29,000
I don't know if that number's 350, 330,
something like that. And then a movement
into our
um
higher level events overnight. Pullbacks
very strongly buy zones. Notice the
press
right up into our edge at 29,640.
We're coming back down.
Dips are buys. Where is the most likely
buying event?
You know, my thought is that it's the
call wall. If they can't defend the call
wall, we'll retrace, and we have the
pole to look at. So, the levels of
29,150
and 29,020
would be the next line downward. Notice,
we have all the lines that we need for
this entire rotation because it is very
algorithmically driven. Okay, these
flows are
uh
very algorithmically driven. Okay, so
here's take a look. Look at momentum.
Upward path, downward momentum. It tells
us that that break is very likely to
exhaust into a support zone. This is our
first line in the sand.
29,430.
Could we hold it there?
Potentially, but it's far more likely
that we get to 29,308
before the buyers try to show up.
Okay, if they don't show up, 29,152.
You might go, "Well, why can't I short
that?" Well,
you can short it, but not on a 30-minute
formation because all the 30-minute
formations are are long on the pullback.
So, maybe go to a 5-minute. And here we
can see the 5-minute has the rotation.
It's got us under the 50, under the 200.
That 200 is upward sloping. So, the
bounce into support,
push up into the edge, and then that
area at 29,550
gives you sort of the reflexive zone
that might allow the chart to roll over.
Okay? So,
you can trade in any direction that you
choose. Here, they are hunting for
support because that's what negative
momentum on a positive trend looks like.
They're just leaking into a support
zone. This obviously is the first one.
So,
if you want to try and short here, not
really a great idea.
Unless you're willing to have um
a bit of risk floating on top of that.
Okay? So,
let's get to the YM.
Great product.
Amazing. Okay. So,
where is
our box? All right, here's what I'm
going to do.
For this particular chart,
we're going to remove all the
annotations.
Are we going to
zoom out a little bit and we're going to
draw Fibonacci.
Where in the world are my fibs?
Okay. We're going to draw Fibonacci
right around here.
Oops.
I have to turn it in the other
direction.
So, let's do that
as we eat up time together at good
habits.
What in the
>> [snorts]
>> Okay, and what this gives us is our
tracking event.
Let's see where the halfway spot is.
6 6.5
7.5
Let's see where we are here.
Oh, for goodness sakes.
1 2
>> [sighs]
>> Uh [gasps] 3
There we go.
All right, so here's four between three
and four. So, definitely 3.5 is where it
is that we are sort of jammed up
against. And so, let's do a 3.5 here.
Okay, so we're sitting right at this
level. A lot of congestion,
but it's very definitely moving
to the upside. The dips are buys. Notice
the technical divergence.
This is bullish trend, but they're
looking for support. If you want to take
a short here, the next line in the sand
would be the pivot at 50,209.
The problem is this line that we are
battling at right now
at 50,470
is a likely bounce zone. So, they're
going to try and bounce from there. How
good is the bounce going to be?
I think it's going to be tepid
and then rotate down. That's That's my
anticipation. So, if you want a short,
wait for the test of the prior
congestion event. That's probably 50,000
something like that. And then
you can watch for the rotation down.
What do we have here? Heavy congestion
at
50,366
or so, and then the pivot. 50,216
Could it stop short of that?
Potentially.
But, that's what we're looking at. Okay?
So, be careful. Watch your edges. And um
you'll be in good shape.
Interesting.
Yeah, someone is trying to
scare the buyers.
Or scare the sellers, excuse me.
So, let's see what happens. Okay.
Let's go to micro Bitcoin.
This one's a little bit sideways. You
know, liquidity is the storyboard. And
so, our liquidity event still says,
"Hey,
a little bit diminished.
We've got 78,000 that's been holding as
resistance relative resistance for
several days.
76,800
was the support
for the last two days.
And what is our flow? We have a negative
200 that's just flattening at the
77,210.
They They are trying to bounce off of
this zone. So, you could see a bounce
into 77,570
and 78,000. See how bright and thin this
volume profile is? It's telling us that
everything is compressed. So, there's a
move building here.
No doubt about it. Where could it be
moving to? Let's take a look at a 4-hour
candle and see if we can
surmise our volume event.
Let's choose this Fibonacci.
And let me remove all the horizontal
lines.
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
Okay. So, now we have something a little
bit cleaner.
We can see the expansion down. Halfway
mark of that expansion is that 77,800.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Maybe a little bit.
That That looks like the congestion zone
for me. That gives us the wicks.
And so, as long as we stay below 77,800,
we
could easily see another rotation down.
Now, if we break this 200, we're looking
at the 4-hour here. We're holding it
pretty solidly. If we break it, it will
bounce.
We'll have to see if it can get up over
the 77,800
to move us back to the north, but this
um
is Fibonacci all-time favorite. This
Fibonacci is very important for us to
watch. It's going to give us
really this sideways pressure event
right in between value area
high and low on the
30-minute chart, right? So, that's kind
of the do-or-die there.
It's probably sideways. Deep dips give
you a buy. 76,000
maybe 76,500.
There's a lot of demand sitting down
here
at 76,700 or so.
So, we could still sit in this $1,000
range today. All right? But
chances are we're going to slip. Okay?
Let's take a look at oil.
Oil continues to come in.
Tracking our levels. Wow, look at this
level.
Right to the zone. Very nice. $95.90.
That's the zone we had in yesterday's
video. This big
box
Let's clone it.
Let's use a channel.
And let's put it down here.
So, we can see the recovery zone. Now,
here's the thing. If we lose this 75
right?
We have
supply zones above us at 101.
We have demand zones all the way down
here to 91, 92.
The put wall sitting at 92.
That's a zero DT put wall, which can
change within 15 minutes. It could
change. The big put wall below is at 80.
All right? So
this is very nice. We've got ourselves a
nice rotation down. The market has done
a great job of
moving up while oil has drifted lower.
Same sort of behavior.
We're underneath
the
200 and underneath the 50.
Barely.
So, bounces or sell zones?
Right? Bounces or sell zones? And so,
what kind of bounce are we looking for?
Into 100 to see if it loses.
And then,
we'll have to see if it does a double
bottom here.
Right? We're in We're sitting in a big
frame of sideways pressure. Look at the
volume profile.
They're buying these lows at 95 and
they're selling the highs at 105.
That's really what we're looking at. The
question is, does that shape change? And
if it changes, we need to follow suit.
Is now a place you want to buy?
Uh
I wouldn't.
I mean, I I would not buy on unless I
saw places that told me, "Hey, this is a
great place to buy." I don't see that.
Right? We have a little bit of drifting
momentum.
We're underneath all the moving
averages. Is it a good place to sell?
Well, I'm in heavy congestion.
Yes, I'm below the anchored VWAP.
But, I'm also above the 50% range of
this formation that we are staring down.
And that is
a critical thing for us to um
to remember
in this in this framework. So, we
normally bounce off of these 50% areas
and they have
held pretty well.
We can move this edge down to 97.26.
If it holds that area,
it's going to bounce. If it doesn't hold
that area, it's very likely to continue
to the south. I know. Thanks, Captain
Obvious. Appreciate that. Here is the
gamma wall, $94.50.
That's going to tell us
where we flip from positive gamma, where
we sit now, to negative gamma.
All right.
Let's go to gold.
All right, gold is fading. You know, a
lot of people are calling for gold in
the market to move together.
I'm not really sure that's the case, but
it could be the case.
My
target on on gold is still lower,
but we have to see how it does. Look at
all of this demand.
The big put wall is down here at 44
44 60.
Yesterday it held our level very nicely,
that 44 94 level, and it also hit our
upward targets of 45 40
and then 45 60.
Really beautiful work.
Absolutely fantastic. Now we're going to
look at seeing how it does off of these
levels. If per happenstance we break
through
into positive gamma, that is going to
take us up to 45 86.
I don't really see that in the cards
right now, but it could definitely
happen. How will you know? Well, first
thing we'll do is recover the pivot.
Cover the moving averages, recover the B
web. See how flat this is? Range based
formations. Deep dip, going to give you
buy zone.
Big spike, going to give you sell zone,
at least at the first iteration of that.
Okay? So,
here it's in a selling formation, but it
is coming into front line support. If
you were short, I would say great place
to trim some gains.
And um
maybe
maybe even cover. I don't know. I I
wouldn't I'm not in a trade here. So, if
I were in a trade, I would probably
cover most of it and see if this one
faded into a lower level because it is
still sitting in this pocket of
weakness. All right, so 4474, 4494 are
the lower edges. We're sitting at 4512
right now. 4543,
4560.
Those levels are really important. I do
expect gold to break the ledge and move
further. I think a lot of people are
thinking, "Hey, maybe this is an
inverted head and shoulders pattern."
I don't think so, but that's just me.
So,
there we have it. Our fades down into
this zone and then, you know,
potentially, maybe next week
we might see ourselves below the call
wall uh excuse me, below the put wall
down here.
50% marker
maybe 4450. All right, let's take a look
at spy.
Whoa. That's getting super noisy, but it
did break
right into the call wall.
Good retracement. This is why dips are
buys, right? These big expansion zones
that we see that look terrifyingly long,
you just don't want to take them. You
wait for the fade and then you take
them, okay? And so, what I didn't do is
wait for the fade well enough and I of
course did this in the ES, but here it
is, same sort of thing.
Supply zone above us. Well above us is
another supply zone near our all-time
highs.
To me, this thing is almost in the gap.
So,
looks like
very
potentially we could retest these new
highs
and
continue onward for a little bit. Dips
are buys. So, notice how savage the dips
are.
Adjust yourself.
The dips are savage.
The clean buy zone
probably around the pivot. $741.
Right? We have 7224.
That's old resistance new support. So,
if you took that here
your stop would really have to be below
the real entry point where I think it is
and that's 7448. If you want to go short
into that area, you could but everything
is super bullish. So,
that's probably a little bit of full
serenade if you ask me. All right,
that's it for me folks. Have a great
long weekend. Don't do something that's
going to put you in a bad mood
for the end of the week trading, okay?
Trade small or not at all.
Take care.